[URP-1141] Remove all SHADER_API_MOBILE that affect shader quality. Add soft shadow quality. (#6748)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.universal/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added support for user-selected upscaling filters. Current options are automatic, bilinear, and nearest-neighbor.
- Added batch mode support for the converters.

> - Soft shadow quality. Low, PCF 3x3 recommended for mobile. Medium, Tent 5x5. High, Tent 7x7.

Reviewer: You can be a little bit more descriptive for users, such as, Added soft shadow quality option in the pipeline asset.

Author: Fixed.

### Changed
- Re-added the menu button to be able to convert selected materials.
- Reverted intermediate texture behavior.
- Shader Variant Log Level moved from the URP Asset to URP Global Settings.

> - Remove SHADER_API_MOBILE from shaders in cases where it affects quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed usages of SHADER_API_MOBILE from shaders in cases where it affected quality.
```

Author: Fixed.

> - Remove SHADER_HINT_NICE_QUALITY from shaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed SHADER_HINT_NICE_QUALITY from shaders.
```

Author: Fixed.

> - Remove low quality light fade.

Reviewer: This is not very descriptive and without context it's hard to understand. Better is to explain that light attenuation / fade is not consistent for all platforms.

Author: fixed.

> - Remove implicit SHADER_QUALITY_LOW. It now must be defined in .shader file to opt-in. SHADER_QUALITY_LOW affects particle, grass and nature view vector normalization, LOD crossfade, SH eval vertex/pixel.

Reviewer: We should document this properly, otherwise it's better to remove until we expose shader quality tiers as without docs majority of users won't benefit from this.

Author: Removed.

- Always normalize normal per vertex.

> - Packed additionalShadowOffsets into 2 float4 constants instead of 4.

Reviewer: These are too low level for changelogs imo and not adding much value for most users. We should describe the effect, either performance improvement in shadow sampling, if there is noticeable improvement, or any kind of issue that we solved by normalizing per-vertex.

Author: removed.
